Heaven and Earth Xuanling is here to protect us
Don't be afraid, it's just a remnant
Don't think that only your Tianzong has earth soldiers
Lei Yinzong also has
You are specially designed to suppress your residual thoughts
Give me my stupa
OK
Thunder Cloud Sect wolf ambition
To destroy my Tianzong
Even the Protector Emperor soldiers brought Ren Mo Tower
This tower can open up a field
Forcibly suppress all the powerhouses below half the ground
Such soldiers are in your hands
What a pity!
Dare to be stubborn when you are about to die
today
I will let you know the power of my Thunder Cloud Sect
If heaven and earth hide their souls
Our Tianzong is finished for me
Who told you it was just a disability?
It's a disability, it's a split soul
Now I know.
OK